Hi, I'm Scott Reil and behalf of expertvillage.com
I like to talk to you about perennials gardens.
When designing in a sunnier area there is
a pretty wide pallets of plants to use and
you can really lean hard into the flower power.
Now depending on what kind of soil you have
you might want to go with more rock garden
plants which tend to do well in dry areas.
Plants like this little Dianthus here just
do a famous job in that drier, sandier areas.
This corner of my garden you see the most
sun just about anywhere so it was a perfect
spot for this Dianthus and the smell on this
thing is just great. It is wonderful to smell
that lovely smell as you come around the corner.
Other plants do really well in sunny areas
are plants like Aster, this is a native nova-angliae
aster, it gets a wonderful red flower. Shasta
daisies, Shasta daisies do really well in
sunny areas. Nepeta loves in those hot dry,
baking kind of sunny spots. And here is another
iris we have already seen the bigger German
iris, this is Japanese iris and these would
do well in either a sunny area or a partially
shaded area. Another plant that I love in
a sunny area is lavender and the smell on
lavender is just wonderful. You can see this
one is just starting to bud up and start to
get ready on its own. This is kind of a neat;
one it is a white flower form that you don't
see to often. But again when you are working
with plants in a sunny area think about how
much sun you are getting, think about it realistically.
If it is not getting sun between 10 and 2
then it is probably not a full sun area you
should probably be looking at plants for partial
sunny areas. But in those really hot dry areas
succulence, like seeders can be a really boom
to you and again those rock garden plants
to you things like Dianthus. Things like Silphium
they are going to do well in areas.